Address issue #2479 - Add FATE zookeeper structure documentation to 2.x docs (#328)
apache/accumulo-website: _docs-2/administration/fate.md

implementation of the operation to support this functional greatly simplifies the execution
of these operations. This property is also what guarantees safety in light of failure conditions.

### REPO Stack 

> A FATE operations is compromised as a sequence of REPOs.  In order to start a FATE transaction,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A FATE transaction is composed of a sequence of Repeatable persisted operations (REPO).  In order to start a FATE transaction,
```
